[Serve] Add http request latency (#32839)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/production-guide/monitoring.md

       * error_code
       * method
     - The number of non-200 HTTP responses returned by each deployment.
   * - ``serve_http_request_latency_ms`` [*]
     - * endpoint

>      - The latency of HTTP requests to be processed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - The end-to-end latency of HTTP requests (measured from the Serve HTTP proxy).
```

>      - The end-to-end latency of HTTP requests (measured from the Serve HTTP proxy).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - A histogram of end-to-end latencies for HTTP requests (measured from the Serve HTTP proxy).
```

Author: I will stick to the original one since it is following our current words convention.
